drivers: add support for the Holtek HT16K33 LED driver with keyscan functionality (#14868)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/drivers/ht16k33/README.rst

.. _ht16k33:

HT16K33 LED driver with keyscan
###############################

Overview
********

> This sample controls the LEDs connected to a `Holtek HT16K33`_ driver,

Reviewer: Do we need to mention the actual LED hardware that needs to be connected for this sample to work?

Author: @dbkinder Thanks for getting back to me. I am not entirely sure I understand what you mean? The actual hardware is a Holtek HT16K33 LED driver (not to confuse with the zephyr software driver for that part).

Reviewer: The Holtek HT16K33 LED driver it a hardware device that can control LEDs, but where are the LEDs?

Author: @dbkinder Ah, I see what you mean. How about this?

.. _ht16k33:

HT16K33 LED driver with keyscan
###############################

Overview
********

This sample controls the LEDs connected to a `Holtek HT16K33`_

> driver. The sample supports any number of LEDs connected to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
driver. The sample supports up to 128 LEDs connected to the
```

rows/columns of the HT16K33.

The LEDs are controlled using the following pattern:

>  1. turn on all 128 LEDs one-by-one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. turn on all connected (up to 128) LEDs one-by-one
```

Author: @dbkinder Changed. Appreciate your help on this.

>  1. turn on all 128 LEDs one-by-one

Reviewer: Will the sample work if only 5 LEDs are connected?

Author: Yes.
